README.md, before:

# 🤖 Unofficial Wolvesville Bot

A Discord bot developed to enhance the **Wolvesville** player experience.  
It provides detailed information about players, clans, roles, rotations, and more — directly from Discord.  
It can also link a Discord channel to your in-game clan chat. \
A lot of features are made for the developpers clan "WerewoIf OnIine*" but you can change for your own clan if necessary !

---

## ✨ Main Features

- 🔍 Get **profiles**, **avatars**, **stats**, **cards**, and other player info.  
- 🛡️ View **clan details**: members, name, news.  
- 🎭 See the descriptions and stats of available **roles** in the game.  
- 🛒 Access **shop offers** and **battle pass challenges**.  
- 🎁 Special command to get an **API hat** if you own a Wolvesville bot.  
- 📧 Link between a Discord channel and clan chat.
- 🆕 An announcement channel link to announcements in game.
- 🎉 Easter eggs are hidden in some bot responses 😄  
- 📰 A Discord channel for leader's to enable or disable clan members’ participation, to change flairs, and to see if quest or if the quest stage is finished (!leadersCommands).
- 🤖 Automatic announcement for developpers' clan.
- Additional useful features for developers’ clan.  

---

## 🧠 Available Commands

Use the `!helpme` command in Discord to display the full and up-to-date list of commands.

---

## 📌 Notes

- Role names are in English with hyphens `-` instead of spaces.  
- Player and clan names must be written **exactly**, with correct casing.  

---

## 👨‍💻 Developers

This project was developed by:  

- [Firelack](https://github.com/Firelack)  
- [Alfakynz](https://github.com/Alfakynz)  

Contributions, ideas, or feedback are welcome!  

---

## 📦 Installation

### ➕ Add the bot to your server

👉 [Bot invitation link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1165928098219433995&permissions=141312&integration_type=0&scope=bot)  

---

### 🛠 Modify the bot (e.g. for your own clan)

1. Create a bot on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)  
2. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)  
3. Download the folder `src`, and the file `package.json`
4. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

5. Create a `.env` file and add:

   ```bash
   APIKEY="yourapikey"
   BOT_KEY="yourbotkey"
   CLAN_ID="clanid"
   CHAT_CHANNEL_ID="chatdiscordid"
   LEADER_CHANNEL_ID="leaderchannelid"
   ANNOUNCEMENT_CHANNEL_ID="announcementChannel"
   SUPABASE_URL="supabaseurl"
   SUPABASE_KEY="supabasekey"
   ```

   - The bot key is your own bot’s token, which you must create on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).  
   - `chatdiscordid` is the channel ID where Wolvesville ↔ Discord messages will be linked.  
   - `leaderchannelid` is the channel ID for leaders to know if quest is active, to edit flairs, or change participation of members and leaders.  
   - `announcementChannel` is the channel ID where announcement can be post.  
   - `superbaseurl` and `superbasekey` are credentials to access the Supabase database. These are not used yet; details about the database will be provided later.

   ⚠️ Important: You must delete the `events/sendMessage.js` file and remove all references to its function in `utils/index.js`, `bot.js`, and `commands/members/easterEggs.js`.  

6. Run the bot:  

   ```bash
   node scr/bot.js
   ```

7. To get a clan ID:\
   Use in discord :

   ```bash
   idclan:{clan_name}
   ```

   ⚠️ You must add your API to a clan’s bot list to access clan information.
8. Tip: edit the bot’s responses in `commands/members/easterEggs.js` to customize them!

### 🚨 Additional Notes

- If you don’t plan to host the bot, remove keepAlive(); from bot.js.

- Many features might not be useful to you — if so, delete their related code in bot.js.

## 🧩 To-Do List — WOV Discord Bot

### 📁 Commands modifications

- [x] Change bot response for `avatarPlayer`
- [x] Fix `questAvailable`
- [x] Add surname on commands

### 📁 Reorganize Files

- [x] Reorganize all files into proper folders.
- [x] Rename all files following the same naming convention (camelCase).
- [x] Verify that all function names follow the same naming convention.
  
### 📢 Announcement System

- [x] Implement a **Quest Announcement System**:
  - [x] Automatically send weekly quest announcements every **Monday at 8 PM**.  
  - [x] Add a command to **enable or disable** the Monday 8 PM announcement.  
  - [x] Add a command to **enable or disable** **Gem Quests**.  
  - [x] Add a command that lets the bot send an announcement based on configurable parameters (e.g., **questNumber**, **date/time**).  

### 🗃️ Database Integration (Superbase)

- [x] Store the IDs of already sent announcements (don't use announcement.json).  
- [ ] Store special surname tel by discord users
- [x] Store if the bot already send quest informations to admin.
- [x] Store if the bot already send the last message of the clan chat.
- [x] Store send message responde today.
- [ ] Store **free quests** in the database.  
- [ ] Automatically update free quests:
  - [ ] On launch, decrement the available quest count.  
  - [ ] Apply a **penalty** if the user lacks enough XP.  
  - [ ] Apply a **penalty** if a user votes but doesn’t participate.  
  - [ ] Add a **bonus** if the user reaches **8k × c**.  
  - [ ] Delete members that are not longer in the clan.
- [ ] Post a new **Free Quest Announcement** message to reflect these changes. (Update and delete cannot be done with the API, need to delete old annoucement manual)  

### ⚙️ Launch Management System

- [ ] Implement logic for handling quest launches:
  - [ ] If the quest reason contains “**free quest**” or “raison”, **decrement** and mark it as launched.  
  - [ ] If the contribution is exactly **400**, include it in the quest.  
  - [ ] If the **total contribution** is 400, include it in the quest.  
  - [ ] If the total is **greater than 400** or spread across multiple entries, trigger a **warning** (check if “quest” is included).  
  - [ ] Automatically **activate participation** for all members and launch at the scheduled announcement time.  
  - [ ] Add a command to **enable or disable default Sub-Chief/Chief participations**.

Commit message:

Add surname gestion in DB
- Update README, bot.js, index.js
- Update changeFlair.js and changeParticipations.js to use new findPlayer function
- Update leadersCommandsInfo.js
- Add command to set nickname (store in DB)
- Add sync between player in clan and DB (update each hour)
- Add new function findPlayer, search in DB, then by username and then by part of username

README.md, after:

# 🤖 Unofficial Wolvesville Bot

A Discord bot developed to enhance the **Wolvesville** player experience.  
It provides detailed information about players, clans, roles, rotations, and more — directly from Discord.  
It can also link a Discord channel to your in-game clan chat. \
A lot of features are made for the developpers clan "WerewoIf OnIine*" but you can change for your own clan if necessary !

---

## ✨ Main Features

- 🔍 Get **profiles**, **avatars**, **stats**, **cards**, and other player info.  
- 🛡️ View **clan details**: members, name, news.  
- 🎭 See the descriptions and stats of available **roles** in the game.  
- 🛒 Access **shop offers** and **battle pass challenges**.  
- 🎁 Special command to get an **API hat** if you own a Wolvesville bot.  
- 📧 Link between a Discord channel and clan chat.
- 🆕 An announcement channel link to announcements in game.
- 🎉 Easter eggs are hidden in some bot responses 😄  
- 📰 A Discord channel for leader's to enable or disable clan members’ participation, to change flairs, and to see if quest or if the quest stage is finished (!leadersCommands).
- 🤖 Automatic announcement for developpers' clan.
- Additional useful features for developers’ clan.  

---

## 🧠 Available Commands

Use the `!helpme` command in Discord to display the full and up-to-date list of commands.

---

## 📌 Notes

- Role names are in English with hyphens `-` instead of spaces.  
- Player and clan names must be written **exactly**, with correct casing.  

---

## 👨‍💻 Developers

This project was developed by:  

- [Firelack](https://github.com/Firelack)  
- [Alfakynz](https://github.com/Alfakynz)  

Contributions, ideas, or feedback are welcome!  

---

## 📦 Installation

### ➕ Add the bot to your server

👉 [Bot invitation link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1165928098219433995&permissions=141312&integration_type=0&scope=bot)  

---

### 🛠 Modify the bot (e.g. for your own clan)

1. Create a bot on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)  
2. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)  
3. Download the folder `src`, and the file `package.json`
4. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

5. Create a `.env` file and add:

   ```bash
   APIKEY="yourapikey"
   BOT_KEY="yourbotkey"
   CLAN_ID="clanid"
   CHAT_CHANNEL_ID="chatdiscordid"
   LEADER_CHANNEL_ID="leaderchannelid"
   ANNOUNCEMENT_CHANNEL_ID="announcementChannel"
   SUPABASE_URL="supabaseurl"
   SUPABASE_KEY="supabasekey"
   ```

   - The bot key is your own bot’s token, which you must create on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).  
   - `chatdiscordid` is the channel ID where Wolvesville ↔ Discord messages will be linked.  
   - `leaderchannelid` is the channel ID for leaders to know if quest is active, to edit flairs, or change participation of members and leaders.  
   - `announcementChannel` is the channel ID where announcement can be post.  
   - `superbaseurl` and `superbasekey` are credentials to access the Supabase database. These are not used yet; details about the database will be provided later.

   ⚠️ Important: You must delete the `events/sendMessage.js` file and remove all references to its function in `utils/index.js`, `bot.js`, and `commands/members/easterEggs.js`.  

6. Run the bot:  

   ```bash
   node scr/bot.js
   ```

7. To get a clan ID:\
   Use in discord :

   ```bash
   idclan:{clan_name}
   ```

   ⚠️ You must add your API to a clan’s bot list to access clan information.
8. Tip: edit the bot’s responses in `commands/members/easterEggs.js` to customize them!

### 🚨 Additional Notes

- If you don’t plan to host the bot, remove keepAlive(); from bot.js.

- Many features might not be useful to you — if so, delete their related code in bot.js.

## 🧩 To-Do List — WOV Discord Bot

### 📁 Commands modifications

- [x] Change bot response for `avatarPlayer`
- [x] Fix `questAvailable`
- [x] Add surname on commands

### 📁 Reorganize Files

- [x] Reorganize all files into proper folders.
- [x] Rename all files following the same naming convention (camelCase).
- [x] Verify that all function names follow the same naming convention.
  
### 📢 Announcement System

- [x] Implement a **Quest Announcement System**:
  - [x] Automatically send weekly quest announcements every **Monday at 8 PM**.  
  - [x] Add a command to **enable or disable** the Monday 8 PM announcement.  
  - [x] Add a command to **enable or disable** **Gem Quests**.  
  - [x] Add a command that lets the bot send an announcement based on configurable parameters (e.g., **questNumber**, **date/time**).  

### 🗃️ Database Integration (Superbase)

- [x] Store the IDs of already sent announcements (don't use announcement.json).  
- [x] Store special surname tel by discord users
- [x] Store if the bot already send quest informations to admin.
- [x] Store if the bot already send the last message of the clan chat.
- [x] Store send message responde today.
- [ ] Store **free quests** in the database. (add a command to change manually)
- [ ] Automatically update free quests:
  - [ ] On launch, decrement the available quest count and at the end of a quest incrase bonus/malus.
  - [ ] Apply a **penalty** if the user lacks enough XP.  
  - [ ] Apply a **penalty** if a user votes but doesn’t participate.  
  - [ ] Add a **bonus** if the user reaches **8k × c**.  
  - [ ] Delete members that are not longer in the clan.
- [ ] Post a new **Free Quest Announcement** message to reflect these changes. (Update and delete cannot be done with the API, need to delete old annoucement manual)  

### ⚙️ Launch Management System

- [ ] Implement logic for handling quest launches:
  - [ ] If the quest reason contains “**free quest**” or “raison”, **decrement** and mark it as launched.  
  - [ ] If the contribution is exactly **400**, include it in the quest.  
  - [ ] If the **total contribution** is 400, include it in the quest.  
  - [ ] If the total is **greater than 400** or spread across multiple entries, trigger a **warning** (check if “quest” is included).  
  - [ ] Automatically **activate participation** for all members and launch at the scheduled announcement time.  
  - [ ] Add a command to **enable or disable default Sub-Chief/Chief participations**.
